feat: release train prognosis (#1476)
freiheit-com/kuberpult: docs/release-train.md

[apps](./app.md) that have exactly the give team set in the [`/release` endpoint](./release.md)

### Prognosis

> It is possible to get the prognosis, or plan, of a release train without triggering one. A release train prognosis does not alter the manifest repo anyhow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to get the prognosis, or plan, of a release train without triggering one. A release train prognosis does not alter the manifest repo in any way.
```

Prognoses are exposes on the REST API:

> `GET https://your.kuberpult.host.example.com/environments/${env}/releasetrain/prognosis?team=${myTeam}`

Reviewer: the url must start with `/api`

The response is merely the serialized JSON of the protobuf message `GetReleaseTrainPrognosisResponse` found [here](https://github.com/freiheit-com/kuberpult/blob/main/pkg/api/v1/api.proto).

> Prognoses are currently also exposed on the gRPC interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

That's true for any rest endpoint, so I would delete it
